Docu of PR 14460 (#354)
mautic/user-documentation: docs/campaigns/campaign_builder.rst

   * - **Send Marketing Message**
     - Sends a message using the Contact's preferred Channel.
   * - **Update Contact**

>      - Updates the existing Contact's fields with the specified values. You can combine static values with Mautic variables like {contactfield=firstname} and date/time variables like 'now', 'now+3hours' (in date/time fields) or '{datetime=now}' (in text fields).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Updates the existing Contact's fields with the specified values. You can combine static values with Mautic variables like ``{contactfield=firstname}`` and date/time variables like ``now``, ``now+3hours`` in date/time fields or ``{datetime=now}`` in text fields.
```
